Data Safety Guidance | Smaato
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
Management Team
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home | Data Safety Guidance
Data Safety Guidance
This page can help you complete the requirements for this data disclosure in regards to your usage of the Smaato NextGen SDK.
Prepare for Google Play’s Data Disclosure Requirements
In May 2021, Google Play announced the new Data safety section, which is a developer-provided disclosure for an app’s data collection, sharing, and security practices.
This page can help you complete the requirements for this data disclosure in regards to your usage of Smaato’s NextGen SDK for Android. On this page, you can find information on whether and how our SDKs handle end-user data.
We aim to be as transparent as possible in supporting you; however, as the app developer, you are solely responsible for deciding how to respond to Google Play’s Data safety section form regarding your app’s end-user data collection, sharing, and security practices.
How to Use the Information on This Page
This page lists the end-user data collected by only the latest version of Smaato’s NexGen SDK for Android.
We provide information about data collected automatically versus data collected depending on your usage. Automatic collection means that the SDK collects specific data without you invoking any specific method or class in your app. However, in many cases, the data collected by the SDK depends on your app’s specific usage of the product, meaning your app’s configuration and how you invoke the SDK.
To complete your data disclosure, you can use Android’sguide about data types to help you determine which data type best describes the collected data. In your data disclosure, make sure to also account for how your specific app shares and uses the collected data.
Important: To help you ensure that your app’s disclosures are accurate, we recommend the following:
Always use the latest SDK versions in your app. This page lists the data collected by only the latest version of Smaato’s NextGen SDK forAndroid.
Review this page whenever you update your app’s SDK versions. Check that your data disclosures are accurate and up-to-date.
Overview of Data Encryption, Data Sharing, and Data Deletion for Smaato’s NextGen SDK forAndroid
Data Collected and Shared Automatically
Data Collected and Shared Depending on Your Usage
Data Handling
Android Ad ID is collected by default. The Ad ID can be reset by users using Ad ID control. As the app developer, you can prevent the collection of Ad IDs by updating the app’s manifest file.
Certain other features in the Smaato NextGen SDK forAndroid, such as the limit Ad tracking feature, may also disable transmission of the Ad ID and other data.
Upload to Google Play Console
To simplify the process of gathering the information in a standardized manner, we have put together a .csv file based on the official Google template, containing all of Smaato’s data handling practices for our NextGen SDK for Android. You can utilize this .csv file to merge it with your app’s and other vendors’ data handling practices and convert it into a master file, which can be uploaded directly to the Data Safety section of your app in the Google Play Console.
DOWNLOAD CSV FILE
MONETIZE
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Unified Bidding
Publisher Documentation
ADVERTISE
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Prepackaged Deals
Marketer Documentation
OMNICHANNEL ADVERTISING
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
MARKET QUALITY
Market Quality
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
INSIGHTS
Search
Blog
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos and Webinars
Subscribe to Newsletter
LEGAL
Terms of Service (SPX)
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
COMPANY
About Smaato
Events
Management Team
In the News
Media Assets
Jobs
Contact Us
© 2005-2023 Smaato, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Smaato® is a registered trademark of Smaato, Inc.
×
Search