General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) | Developer FAQs
Open Side Navigation MenuClose side navigation menuFacebook Platform & the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)Share to FacebookShare via emailThe General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will apply from 25 May 2018, creates consistent data protection rules across Europe. It applies to businesses that are based in the EU and those that process personal data from individuals based in the EU.Facebook takes data protection and privacy seriously, and we will ensure that services across the Facebook companies align with the GDPR. Facebook's platform products were built on principles of transparency, choice and control. We are dedicated to maintaining best-in-class solutions for both people and businesses under the GDPR.Developer FAQs Do developers need to make changes to continue to use Facebook platform products under the GDPR?As is the case today, our Terms require that apps provide a clear and prominent link that is easily accessible inside your app settings or any Privacy Policy and from within any store or website where your app is distributed that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads and (b) how and where users can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting.As is the case today, our Terms require that apps provide a clear and prominent link that is easily accessible inside your app settings or any Privacy Policy and from within any store or website where your app is distributed that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads and (b) how and where users can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting.What data does Facebook collect via the SDK?The Facebook SDK logs the following information:Explicit events - information from events that the advertiser explicitly configures their app to send, such as "AddtoBasket" or "logPurchase", along with any additional parameters provided. Implicit events - information from events that are logged implicitly if the advertiser chooses to make use of other features of the Facebook SDK, such as integration with Facebook Login or the "Like" button. Automatically logged events - basic interactions in the app (e.g. app installs, app launches) and system events (e.g. SDK loading, SDK performance) that are collected automatically. Developers can disable automatic logging and log explicit events manually instead (instructions here for iOS and Android).Facebook app ID - a unique identifier provided by Facebook to reference the advertiser's website and mobile app. Mobile advertiser ID - the iOS IDFA or Android Advertising ID.Metadata from the request - the mobile OS type and version, the SDK version, app name, app version, the device opt-out setting, the user agent string and the client IP address. It also collects the following device related metrics: time zone, device OS, device model, carrier, screen size, processor cores, total disk space, remaining disk space.The Facebook SDK logs the following information:Explicit events - information from events that the advertiser explicitly configures their app to send, such as "AddtoBasket" or "logPurchase", along with any additional parameters provided. Implicit events - information from events that are logged implicitly if the advertiser chooses to make use of other features of the Facebook SDK, such as integration with Facebook Login or the "Like" button. Automatically logged events - basic interactions in the app (e.g. app installs, app launches) and system events (e.g. SDK loading, SDK performance) that are collected automatically. Developers can disable automatic logging and log explicit events manually instead (instructions here for iOS and Android).Facebook app ID - a unique identifier provided by Facebook to reference the advertiser's website and mobile app. Mobile advertiser ID - the iOS IDFA or Android Advertising ID.Metadata from the request - the mobile OS type and version, the SDK version, app name, app version, the device opt-out setting, the user agent string and the client IP address. It also collects the following device related metrics: time zone, device OS, device model, carrier, screen size, processor cores, total disk space, remaining disk space.What data does Facebook collect via SDK for Facebook Login?The Facebook SDK collects the following information when you use Facebook Login:App Events: This covers generic App Events (e.g. App Install, app launch) and other standard logging for product metrics (e.g. SDK loading and SDK performance). Note that some of these events (e.g. App Installs, app launches etc.) are automatically logged as mentioned above. Developers can choose to disable automatic logging and log explicit events manually instead (instructions here for iOS and Android).Configuration data: After a user has logged in, the SDK makes periodic background requests to manage the lifetime of the access token automatically. Error information: The SDK captures error information, including during initialisation of the SDK, which may include a user ID of individuals who are logged in to Facebook. Short-term data: The SDK measures some user activity for purposes of managing fraud and abuse. This data is only retained for a very short period for those not logged in to Facebook. Use of this information about individuals with a Facebook account is governed by Facebook's Data Policy. The Facebook SDK collects the following information when you use Facebook Login:App Events: This covers generic App Events (e.g. App Install, app launch) and other standard logging for product metrics (e.g. SDK loading and SDK performance). Note that some of these events (e.g. App Installs, app launches etc.) are automatically logged as mentioned above. Developers can choose to disable automatic logging and log explicit events manually instead (instructions here for iOS and Android).Configuration data: After a user has logged in, the SDK makes periodic background requests to manage the lifetime of the access token automatically. Error information: The SDK captures error information, including during initialisation of the SDK, which may include a user ID of individuals who are logged in to Facebook. Short-term data: The SDK measures some user activity for purposes of managing fraud and abuse. This data is only retained for a very short period for those not logged in to Facebook. Use of this information about individuals with a Facebook account is governed by Facebook's Data Policy. In light of GDPR, do advertisers need to make any changes to their SDK implementation for App Events?When you use the FB SDK for App Events, you will have obligations under European regulations. Our terms require that apps provide a clear and prominent link that is easily accessible inside your app settings or any Privacy Policy and from within any store or website where your app is distributed that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads and (b) how and where users can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting.We offer a Consent Guide for sites and apps, which provides some practical guidance and best practice for these consent requirements.When you use the FB SDK for App Events, you will have obligations under European regulations. Our terms require that apps provide a clear and prominent link that is easily accessible inside your app settings or any Privacy Policy and from within any store or website where your app is distributed that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads and (b) how and where users can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting.We offer a Consent Guide for sites and apps, which provides some practical guidance and best practice for these consent requirements.Do developers need additional disclosures or consent to use Facebook Login and Account Kit?In the case of Account Kit, developers may act as data controller (and Facebook the data processor). In these instances, they are responsible for establishing an appropriate legal basis. This may require the collection of additional consent from the individual for some purposes, such as the use of an email address for marketing purposes. We offer a Consent Guide for sites and apps, which provides some practical guidance and best practice for these consent requirements. When Facebook is the data controller, we handle personal data as described in our Data Policy. Facebook Login does not collect consent to process data about a data subject on behalf of your business. If you plan to use consent as a basis for processing data, you must collect that consent separately yourself pursuant to your Privacy Policies, as noted in our Platform Policy.In the case of Account Kit, developers may act as data controller (and Facebook the data processor). In these instances, they are responsible for establishing an appropriate legal basis. This may require the collection of additional consent from the individual for some purposes, such as the use of an email address for marketing purposes. We offer a Consent Guide for sites and apps, which provides some practical guidance and best practice for these consent requirements. When Facebook is the data controller, we handle personal data as described in our Data Policy. Facebook Login does not collect consent to process data about a data subject on behalf of your business. If you plan to use consent as a basis for processing data, you must collect that consent separately yourself pursuant to your Privacy Policies, as noted in our Platform Policy.What about special category data?As part of the recent updates to our platform, Facebook does not allow apps to request sensitive categories of data (e.g. political or religious information). You can read more about those updates in our recent Developer blog post.As part of the recent updates to our platform, Facebook does not allow apps to request sensitive categories of data (e.g. political or religious information). You can read more about those updates in our recent Developer blog post.Are there any GDPR-related changes to Account Kit?No. Account Kit only shares with your business the contact point (email or phone number) that an individual chooses to use as their account identifier with your service. As with Facebook Login, it is ultimately the responsibility of your business to have an appropriate legal basis for and be compliant in the processing of that data.No. Account Kit only shares with your business the contact point (email or phone number) that an individual chooses to use as their account identifier with your service. As with Facebook Login, it is ultimately the responsibility of your business to have an appropriate legal basis for and be compliant in the processing of that data.How can developers ensure GDPR compliance when using Facebook Analytics?Facebook is the data processor of data that developers pass to Facebook for analytics and measurement purposes. Facebook's Platform Policy and Business Tool Terms require developers to notify individuals when they are using Facebook technology (including pixels, SDKs, and APIs) that enables Facebook to collect and process data about them and obtain users' prior informed consent for their use of such tools. Developers must also comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where they operate, including laws and regulations governing notice to individuals whose personal information is being used or disclosed. The developer is the data controller of all data they send to Facebook for measurement and analytics purposes and they are responsible for establishing a legal basis for the use of such data. Facebook is the data processor of data that developers pass to Facebook for analytics and measurement purposes. Facebook's Platform Policy and Business Tool Terms require developers to notify individuals when they are using Facebook technology (including pixels, SDKs, and APIs) that enables Facebook to collect and process data about them and obtain users' prior informed consent for their use of such tools. Developers must also comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where they operate, including laws and regulations governing notice to individuals whose personal information is being used or disclosed. The developer is the data controller of all data they send to Facebook for measurement and analytics purposes and they are responsible for establishing a legal basis for the use of such data. Can businesses continue to use Facebook plugins (e.g. Like button, Page plugin) under the GDPR?Yes. Facebook's plug in functionality will not be impacted. Yes. Facebook's plug in functionality will not be impacted. Read more about the GDPREnglish (UK)English (US)EspañolPortuguês (Brasil)Français (France)Español (España)More languagesالعربيةTiếng ViệtItalianoDeutschภาษาไทย中文(台灣)ČeštinaDanskΕλληνικάSuomiFrançais (Canada)עבריתहिन्दीMagyarBahasa Indonesia日本語한국어Bahasa MelayuNorsk (bokmål)NederlandsPolskiPortuguês (Portugal)RomânăРусскийSvenskaTürkçe中文(简体)中文(香港) © 2023 Meta AboutDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesTermsHelp Centre