Privacy Policy - Magma River Studio
Privacy Policy
Magma River does not collect information about users of its games. However, we use the MoPub advertising system that can collect information to offer you ads targeting your interests rather than displaying product ads that you do not want. Advertising disappears when buying games and at the same time the data collected by MoPub. Here is a link to the MoPub Privacy Policy in addition to a copy of the text below.
MoPub Privacy Policy
MoPub, a division of Twitter, Inc. and Twitter International Company, provides advertising technology services that allow publishers of mobile applications (“apps”) to show ads in their apps, and for advertisers to reach audiences that may be interested in their products or services. MoPub’s suite of advertising technology includes the MoPub Software Development Kit (MoPub SDK) and Application Programming Interfaces, the MoPub advertising exchange, and the MoPub websites (collectively, the “MoPub Services”).
We work with Publisher Partners, Advertising Demand Partners, Supported Advertising Mediation Partners, Data Partners, and Fraud and Measurement Partners (collectively, “MoPub Partners”) in order to provide the MoPub Services. Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, MoPub Partners are each independent controllers of your data. You can view the current list of MoPub Partners with whom we share your data here.
Personal Data We Process to Serve and Personalize Advertising
Personal Data We Collect About You Through Apps
When you use an app that has integrated the MoPub Services, we collect personal data about you. The MoPub Services are designed to avoid collecting information such as your name, address, or email address, but the personal data we collect does enable us to recognize your device over time and across apps. Depending on where you live and your privacy choices, the personal data we collect includes:
Device identifiers such as your IP address, iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID, or a MoPub-specific identifier.
Your precise geo-location, when location services have been enabled for an app on your device that has integrated the MoPub Services. Note that when location services have not been enabled in any of your apps that have integrated the MoPub Services, we will still infer data about your location based on your IP address.
Information that a Publisher Partner has collected about you and shared with MoPub, such as demographic information (e.g., your age or gender) or information about your interests, to help make the ads served to you more relevant.
Information about your device, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (e.g., Chrome, Safari), and screen size.
Information about your app usage, including the apps on your device that use the MoPub Services and the version of such apps, the app on your device that is requesting an ad, the start/stop time of your app session, your current time zone, and your network connection type (e.g., WiFi, cellular).
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded the advertiser’s app.
How We Use the Personal Data We Collect About You Through Apps
We use the personal data we collect about you through apps that have integrated the MoPub Services for the following purposes:
Serving Ads: Allowing Publisher Partners to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertising Demand Partners to bid on and fill that inventory with ads.
Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Data Partners and Advertising Demand Partners to infer what you may be interested in and to serve ads to you based on these inferred interests. If you are located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, MoPub may also directly create an interest profile about you in order to help our Advertising Demand Partners serve the best ads to you. MoPub’s policies prohibit MoPub Partners from sending, or targeting advertisements based on, information that we consider sensitive or are prohibited by law, such as race, religion, politics, sex life, or health.
Geo-Targeting: Allowing MoPub and Advertising Demand Partners to serve ads based on your current or prior location, including through location-based targeting segments created by Data Partners.
Ad Reporting and Conversions: Reporting to Advertising Demand Partners information about when and how you have been exposed to their ads or clicked on their ads, and reporting to Publisher Partners information about when and how ads were shown on their properties and were clicked on.
Frequency Capping: Preventing you from seeing the same ad or type of ad too many times.
Fraud Detection and Prevention: Identifying invalid clicks (or ad queries) and protecting MoPub and Advertising Demand Partners from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Operating Our Services: Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to maintain, protect, and improve our Services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
How We Share the Personal Data We Collect About You Through Apps
We share personal data that we collect about you through apps that have integrated the MoPub Services for the following purposes:
We share personal data with Advertising Demand Partners so that they can decide whether to bid on ad inventory or serve an advertisement and choose the best ad for you on our mobile advertising exchange and across the broader advertising ecosystem. MoPub Advertising Demand Partners are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
We share personal data with Data Partners in order to create demographic and interest segments to help Advertising Demand Partners choose the best ad for you on our mobile advertising exchange and across the broader advertising ecosystem.
We share personal data with Fraud and Measurement Partners in order to help with anti-fraud, quality, and security efforts to ensure the safety, security, privacy, and accuracy of the MoPub Services and the broader advertising ecosystem.
We share aggregate information with Advertising Demand Partners and Publisher Partners to help them measure the effectiveness and value of our Services. For example, we provide Advertising Demand Partners with reports showing how many users viewed or clicked on their ads. We also provide Publisher Partners with reports about the types of ads served to their apps.
We share personal data with MoPub Partners so that they can build and improve their products and services for use on MoPub and across the broader advertising ecosystem. For example, your device identifier may be used by a Fraud and Measurement Partner to improve the fraud detection services that they offer both to MoPub and other advertising companies.
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us and MoPub Partners in the United States, Ireland, and other countries. We may share the personal data we collect with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that they use your information only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
Controlling the Processing of Your Personal Data for Personalized Advertising
We give you control over the types of personal data we collect from you and how we process that personal data to personalize your advertising experience.
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland
Consent: If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, Publisher Partners who would like us to serve you personalized ads must first obtain your consent so that MoPub and our partners can process your personal data for this purpose. Some Publisher Partners may choose to obtain your consent for this purpose even if you are located outside of these regions. If you provide your consent, we will collect, use, share, and otherwise process all of the personal data described above for the purpose of serving you personalized advertising that MoPub and our partners believe is most relevant to you.
If you decide that you do not want a personalized advertising experience, we will not process your personal data for this purpose. For example, we will not collect, use, or share your iOS Identifier for Advertising or Android Advertising Identifier, your precise location data, or your demographic or interest information. However, we will still serve you contextual advertising -- ads targeted to the content or type of app you are using (for example, serving an ad for a video game to a gaming app).
Withdrawal of Consent: You can withdraw your consent to MoPub’s personalized advertising experience at any time.
Publisher Partners may provide a way for you to withdraw your consent directly from within an app. If you withdraw your consent from within an app, we will no longer collect, use, share, or otherwise process personal data from that app to personalize your advertising experience.
In addition, you can use your device settings to let us know that you wish to withdraw your consent to MoPub’s personalized advertising experience across all of your apps on that device.
On iOS, you may withdraw your consent by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting.
On Android devices, you may withdraw your consent by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting.
The next time you use an app that has integrated the MoPub Service on that device, we will effectuate your withdrawal of consent, and we will no longer collect, use, share, or otherwise process personal data from that device to personalize your advertising experience.
Unless we have another legal basis for storing your personal data, we will also delete or de-identify the personal data we have stored about you within 30 days when you use one of these methods to withdraw consent. We will also inform our current MoPub Partners if you withdraw your consent so that they, as independent controllers of your personal data, can also respect your choice to withdraw consent.
Even if you do not consent to a personalized advertising experience, or you later withdraw such consent, we will still process your personal data when necessary to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests, as described below.
Legal Necessity: We will process personal data as necessary to comply with law. For example, we will collect your IP address to perform a lookup of your country so that we know whether you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, but we will truncate the last octet of your IP address before we process it for this purpose, and we will not share your full IP address or retain it internally. Similarly, if you consent to our personalized advertising experience, but later withdraw such consent, we will continue to retain a record of the iOS Identifier for Advertising or Android Advertising ID of your device for the purpose of recording when you consented and withdrew consent from our processing of your personal data. As part of your withdrawal of consent request, we will also make available the iOS Identifier for Advertising or Android Advertising ID of your device to our current MoPub Partners so that they, as independent controllers of your personal data, can also respect your choice to withdraw consent.
Legitimate Interests: We will process personal data as necessary to support our legitimate interests, but we will protect your privacy in doing so. For example, even if you do not consent to a personalized advertising experience, we will still:
Generate, collect, and use a short-lived MoPub-specific ID for the purpose of frequency capping -- to prevent you from seeing the same contextual ad too many times. In order to protect your privacy, we will reset this identifier every 24 hours, and we will not share it with MoPub Partners or any other third parties.
Receive and send your IP address to our service providers for purposes of detecting invalid clicks and other fraudulent activity on MoPub. In order to protect your privacy, we contractually prohibit our service providers from using this data for any other purpose, and we do not share your full IP address with any other MoPub Partners or retain it internally.
Continue to receive personal data from apps that have not been updated to the latest version of the MoPub SDK. In order to provide continuity of our Services to our Publisher Partners and give their users sufficient time to update their apps to versions using the latest SDK, we will continue to support older versions of the SDK during a short transition period. During this time, we will continue to receive personal data such as your iOS Identifier for Advertising or Android Advertising ID from older versions of the SDK; however, in order to protect your privacy, we will not store, use, or share such personal data, and we will only return contextual ads to you if you use one of these apps in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland. After March 31, 2019, we will stop returning ads to older versions of our SDK in these countries.
United States and Other Countries
Opt Out: If you are located in the United States or another country outside the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, you can opt out of receiving personalized advertising by using your applicable device settings:
On iOS, you may opt out by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting.
On Android devices, you may opt out by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting.
If you opt out through your device settings, MoPub will send your opt-out preference with each request for an advertisement sent to our Advertising Demand Partners. MoPub requires that our Advertising Demand Partners honor opt-out preferences expressed using these controls by only serving contextual advertisements in response to such ad requests, and prohibits the use of any data contained in such ad requests to serve personalized advertising or to create a profile of the user or device.
Accessing, Restricting, and Rectifying Personal Data We Collect About You Through Apps, and Objecting to Our Use of Such Personal Data
MoPub collects the minimum amount of personal data about you that is necessary to provide the MoPub Services. As a result, we do not have sufficient information available to provide secure, authenticated access to the personal data that we store about you or to confirm that specific personal data relates to you. However, as noted above, if you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you can exercise control over whether we continue to process your personal data, and request that we delete or de-identify such personal data, by withdrawing your consent at any time. You can also contact us using the details below.
Deletion
Unless we have another legal basis for storing your personal data, if you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we will delete or de-identify the personal data we have stored about you within 30 days of when you withdraw your consent.
Privacy Practices of MoPub Partners
MoPub requires MoPub Partners, who are each independent controllers of your personal data, to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, to comply with the MoPub Publisher Partner Policies and Advertising Demand Partner Policies, and to provide you with sufficient notice of their processing of your personal data.
When you consent to MoPub’s processing of your personal data, you are also consenting to the processing of your personal data by the MoPub Partners with whom we share your data. If you withdraw your consent (if you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland) or opt-out (if you are located in the United States or another country), we will also inform our current MoPub Partners with whom we have shared your data of your withdrawal or opt-out so that they, as independent controllers of your personal data, can also respect your choice. MoPub Partners may also have separate legal bases for collecting, using, retaining, and sharing your personal data.
We encourage you to read MoPub Partners’ policies to understand their privacy practices, the legal bases for their processing of your personal data, and any additional options that they provide for exercising control over such processing.
Children
MoPub does not permit the MoPub Services to be used to collect information from apps directed to children under the age of 13 for purposes of personalized advertising. MoPub may collect information from apps directed to children for other purposes, such as serving advertisements based on contextual information, like the the content or type of app you are using (for example, serving an ad for a video game to a gaming app).
In addition, if you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you must be at least 16 years of age to consent to MoPub’s personalized advertising experience. MoPub does not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom it knows to be under 16 years of age, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests as described above.
Effective: August 9, 2018
Home | English | Français
If you have comments or suggestions : comment@magmariver.com
You can also use Twitter or Facebook
Copyright © 2012-2019 Magma River Studio. All rights reserved.