Privacy Policy | TapResearch
Solutions
Market Insights
Brand Insights
Market Research Sample
App Developers
Rewarded Research
Monetization
Developer Resources
Publisher Success Stories
Publisher FAQ
Resources
Learn
Blog
About
Contact Us
About
Careers
News
Account
Sign In
Create Account
TapResearch Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 7, 2023
Privacy Request Form
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information collected
by TapResearch, Inc. (“TapResearch,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” including our
affiliates and subsidiaries), how we collect that information, how that
information may be stored and used, and with whom it may be shared. By
accessing or using our website, http://www.tapresearch.com (the “Website”
or “Platform”), participating in our surveys, or using other products or
services we provide (collectively, “Services”), you accept and consent to
the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then you must not access or
use the Services. Please note that our Services may be offered through or
in connection with third-party mobile applications or third-party websites.
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the Services and not your use of
such third-party applications or websites.
Definitions
“Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to,
describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household;
provided, however, that as applicable “Personal Information” shall have the
definition given to “Personal Data” under the General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”).
“Separate and Independent Controller” means each party is a distinct
Controller with regard to Personal Information and determines its
independent legal basis for the processing of Personal Information
received.
Information Collected and Method of Collection
Information (including Personal Information) collected is relevant for the
purpose for which it is to be used and, to the extent necessary,
TapResearch takes reasonable steps to ensure that data is reliable for
intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
Technical Data
When you use the Services, we automatically collect and store information
about your computer or mobile device and your online activities (“Response
Metadata”), which we transfer and store in accordance with the provisions
contained in this Privacy Policy. Response Metadata may include:
Device Information/Specifications: Technical information about your
computer or device (e.g., type of device, web browser or operating
system, IP address, etc.).
Geographic Location: We use your IP address to derive your computer or
device's approximate geographic location.
Time, Length and Extent of Usage: When you use the Services, how long
you use a Service for (e.g., how long it takes you to answer a survey
question) and which Services feature(s) and/or function(s) you use.
Cookies: We may use cookies to keep track of some types of information
while you are using the Services. Cookies are very small files placed
on your computer, which allow us to perform analytics, such as counting
the number of users of the Services and distinguishing repeat users
from new or unique users. Cookies help provide additional functionality
to the Services and help us analyze usage of the Services more
accurately, such as user preferences or trends (e.g., the Services may
set a cookie on your browser allowing you to bypass engagement with a
survey due to your previous completion of a survey). We rely on cookies
for the proper operation of the Services; therefore, if your browser is
set to reject cookies, the Services may not function properly. If you
refuse cookies from the Services, you assume all responsibility for any
resulting loss of functionality or benefits with respect to the
Services. Our Cookie Policy can be found here:
Cookie Policy.
Mobile Device ID: We collect mobile device identifiers, such as Apple’s
Identifier for Advertising ID (IDFA) or Google’s Android Advertising ID
(AAID), to help us identify you within a mobile application and match
you with appropriate survey opportunities.
Web Beacons: We may use web beacons in email communications in order to
understand the behavior of our users. “Web beacons” (also known as
“clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images
that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further
personalize the Services for our users and to collect a limited set of
information about our users.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
We collect information that you submit to us voluntarily through the
Services. In these instances, you know what information we collect because
you provide it directly to us.
Profile and Respondent Screening Data
If you choose to register for an account, we collect the following
information from you:
Name
Email address
Username and password
Other demographic data
Before you fill out a survey, we ask that you also create a user profile to
help us match you with a survey. When you fill out a user profile, we
collect additional information from you, including demographic information
such as postal code, gender, marital status, education, ethnicity/race
(where permitted by applicable law), employment related information, and
non-personally identifiable information on household members, household
income, age, etc.
When you consent to our collection of your Personal Information, we act as
a Controller of that data whether collected on our Websites and Platform,
through our other Services, or received from our customers. Customers may
receive Personal Information collected pursuant to your participation in
surveys either independent of our Websites or Platform, and in such cases
our customer is a Separate and Independent Controller of that data.
We contractually limit the usage and sale of Profile and Technical Data by
our third-party partners or customers involved in the survey experience.
You would need to directly consent for any further resale by those
third-parties.
Survey Data
Occasionally, we host surveys for our survey partners and collect the
information submitted through these surveys. We do not own this information
and any information you choose to provide is used in accordance with the
survey partner’s privacy practices and direction to us. In this scenario,
TapResearch acts a Processor. Please note that in such cases you will be
presented with terms and conditions of the survey partner before
proceeding, and your participation in that survey is governed separately by
those terms and conditions.
User Feedback
If you provide us with comments, suggestions, recommendations or other
feedback pertaining to our Services (collectively “Feedback”), you
understand that we may (although we have no obligation to do so) retain,
disclose, use, or otherwise commercially exploit that Feedback in
connection with any or all of our Services without any compensation or
consideration to you.
Developer Information
We may collect certain information from our developer partners at the time
of registration and in connection with your use of the Services, including
your name, email address, company name, app title(s), as well as financial
information such as Tax ID, VAT or sales tax registration number or any
other relevant tax number and payment information (e.g., bank account and
routing number for ACH purposes).
How We Use Your Information
Pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use the information we
collect from you for the following purposes:
To process, analyze, and develop survey data for use with the Services
and our third-party customers;
To improve upon the surveys and delivery of our surveys through the
Services;
To prevent fraud and other illegal activities;
To monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities;
To communicate with you about the Services; and
To provide, maintain, and improve the Services and our overall
business.
Where required by law, we obtain your prior opt-in consent at the time of
collection for the processing of (i) Personal Information we collect as a
Controller pursuant to GDPR (ii) Personal Information for marketing
purposes and (iii) Personal Information deemed sensitive pursuant to
applicable law.
You can opt-out and instruct us not to send you marketing communications by
e-mail by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you
receive from us or by contacting us at TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com. Under the
Privacy Shield provisions, it is your right to access, correct, or delete
your personal data. If you wish to do so, please contact TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com.
You may also withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object
at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your Personal
Information by contacting us atwww.tapresearch.com/support
or by sending an email to us at TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com. We will apply your
preferences going
forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or
disclosure of your Personal Information will mean that you cannot take
advantage of certain products, Services, surveys or promotions we may offer.
Sharing Your Information
We will not otherwise sell, license or share your Personal Information
to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except as described
below:
To our third-party service providers who provide services such as
website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related
infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing,
and other services for the purpose of maintaining system quality and
reliability.
We may share User Profile Information and Response Metadata
(collectively, the “Response Data”) and related information with survey
creators and researchers, and with app developers (i.e., our customers)
in order to improve the quality of the service. We may also share
Response Data with unaffiliated third parties for their own internal
purposes, including marketing purposes. If you wish to opt-out of
having your information shared with these Third Parties, please contact
TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com.
We may share Survey Information with survey creators and researchers
for the purpose of streamlining user experience and shortening surveys.
We may share User Profile Information with third-party sample/market
research companies (each a “Third Party MR Company”) for the purpose of
(i) identifying survey opportunities that you may be eligible for
through the Third Party MR Companies, and (ii) audience measurement
projects or activities in connection with any online ad effectiveness
program(s) operated or conducted by or on behalf of the Third Party MR
Companies. In connection with online ad effectiveness programs, cookies
or related technologies are used to identify advertisements that an
individual has seen or interacted with for the purpose of ad survey
recall work and audience measurement reporting/research. The Third
Party MR Companies may share your social-demographic information with
their clients or vendors in connection with the purposes set forth
above. We will not share your name, email address, or phone number with
the Third Party MR Companies. If you have any questions about this data
sharing or wish to opt-out of having your information shared with Third
Party MR Companies, please contact TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com.
To an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization,
merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition
of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in
bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary: (i) under applicable law, including laws outside
your country of residence, (ii) to comply with legal process, (iii) to
respond to requests from public and government authorities, including
public and government authorities outside your country of residence,
(iv) to enforce our terms and conditions, (v) to protect our operations
or those of any of our affiliates, (vi) to protect our rights, privacy,
safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and
(vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages
that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose information that does not identify or otherwise
relate to an individual for any purpose, except where we are required to do
otherwise under applicable law. Please see our subprocessor webpage
to view a current list of subprocessors and subscribe to be updated when there are
changes to the list.
In using our services, you are authorizing us to store copies of your
qualifying answers (so you do not have to enter and re-enter the same
information over and over again upon returning to our site) and are
directing us to to share the Personal Information you enter with our market
research customers whose surveys you qualify to take.
Children and Minors
All Users: The Services are not intended for children under the age of 13
and we do not knowingly collect or solicit Response Data or Personal
Information from persons under the age of 13. No one under age 13 may
provide any Personal Information to us or on our Website.
For EU users: The Services are not intended for children under the age of
16 and we do not knowingly collect or solicit Response Data or Personal
Information from persons under the age of 16 from the EU.
If you are a parent or legal guardian who discovers that your child has
provided us with any of the foregoing, you may contact us at
TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com, and we will promptly delete such information from
our
files. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child
under 13 or 16 (in the EU), please contact us at TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com.
Information Security
We attempt to safeguard and protect your Personal Information from loss,
misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction,
through maintenance and use of reasonable security measures. However,
please bear in mind and be aware that unauthorized entry or use, hardware
or software failure, and the inherent insecure nature of the Internet,
among other factors, may potentially compromise the security of your
information at any given time. As such, we cannot make any guarantees as to
the security of your information.
Location of Data
We may transfer the information we collect about you to countries other
than the country in which the information was originally collected. Please
be advised, however, that such countries may not have the same data
protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the
information. We will protect your information as described in this Privacy
Policy when we transfer such information to other countries. By using the
Services, you consent to the collection, transfer, use, storage and
disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy,
including to the export of your information outside of your country of
residence. If you are accessing or using the Services from outside the
United States, please be aware that your information, including any
Response Data may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United
States. As a result, United States Federal and state governments, courts,
or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure
of your information, including Response Data, through applicable United
States laws and regulations.
EU-US Privacy Shield
TapResearch complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework established by
the US Department of Commerce, under the enforcement authority of the
Federal Trade Commission, regarding the collection, use, and retention of
Personal Information from EU member countries and the United Kingdom.
TapResearch has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles
of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose
limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability. If there is
any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy
Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
Although the Court of Justice of the European Union has recently
invalidated the Privacy Shield Framework as a means of transferring the
Personal Information of EU data subjects, TapResearch is following the
recommendation from the U.S. Department of Commerce and maintaining its
Privacy Shield self-certification while efforts are made to correct the
program’s deficiencies.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view
our registration, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
To see a list of organizations participating in the Privacy Shield program, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Please note that our use of your profile data to help match you with a
survey could be considered “automated profiling” under GDPR. Otherwise, we
do not utilize any automated decision making processes with respect to your
personal data.
If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data
or response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact
us as provided below or submit a complaint to the supervisory authority, in
particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or
of an alleged infringement of the GDPR.
Information for California Residents
If you are a California resident, you have certain special rights under the
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), in addition to the choices
outlined above.
Your Right to “Know” and to Request Deletion
You have the right to know the categories and specific pieces of Personal
Information we have collected about you. You have the right to know the
categories of sources from which the Personal Information has been
collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling
Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with whom we
share Personal Information.
You also have the right to request deletion of Personal Information we’ve
collected or maintain. Please note, however, that our deletion of your
Personal Information may negatively affect our ability to provide you with
services.
To exercise these rights please contact us as provided in the
“Requests and Contact Information” section below.
We may ask you to provide additional information, such as your name, email
address, or other basic Personal Information about you that we already have
on file, in order to verify who is making the request. Please note that any
requested disclosures will only apply to the 12-month period preceding the
request, and you are entitled to request disclosure regarding your Personal
Information twice in any 12-month period.
Your Right to Opt out of the “Sale” of Your Information
We will never disclose Personal Information such as your name or address to
third parties in exchange for monetary consideration without your consent.
However, under CCPA’s broad definition, “Personal Information” may also
include, in addition to names, addresses, and the like) unique identifiers,
IP addresses, biometric information, internet or other network, geolocation
data, audio/visual data, and even inferences which may be drawn from any of
the above.
CCPA also defines the term “sell” broadly. Its meaning includes “renting,
releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, [and]
transferring…for monetary or other valuable consideration.”
Under these broad definitions, certain information we provide to our
clients as part of survey results may arguably be deemed a “sale” of
“Personal Information” under CCPA. You have the right to opt out of this
“sale.” For more information on how to opt out, please click here:
TapResearch DNSMPI Page
.
Personal Information Collected, “Sold” or Disclosed for a Business Purpose
As described further above in the section titled “Information Collected and
Method of Collection,” in the last 12 months we’ve collected the following
categories of information: identifiers such as a real name, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, and account name;
commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained,
or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including
information regarding your interaction with an internet website or
application; professional or employment-related information; geolocation
information; demographic information; education information; and inferences
drawn from the above to create a profile reflecting your preferences and
characteristics.
Please note that, as further described in the section above titled “Sharing
Your Information,” in the last 12 months we have disclosed, subject to
confidentiality agreements, all of the foregoing categories of personal
information with third-party service providers such as website hosting,
data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision,
customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services for the
purpose of maintaining system quality and reliability.
Under the CCPA’s broad “sale” definition, we’ve also “sold” the following
categories of personal information to third-party researchers, app
developers and other clients: online identifiers and IP address; commercial
information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or
considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including
information regarding your interaction with an internet website or
application; professional or employment-related information; geolocation
information; demographic information; education information; and inferences
drawn from the above to create a profile reflecting your preferences and
characteristics.
Your Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise
of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, including but not limited to
by denying you services, charging different prices or rates, or providing
you with a different level or quality of services.
Your Right to Use an Authorized Agent
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make a request under
the CCPA on your behalf. To designate an authorized agent, please contact
us as provided in the “Requests and Contact Information” section below. In order to
verify
you have authorized an agent we will require a signed, written
authorization from you.
Do Not Track Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not
Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, we do not
currently alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from
a visitor’s browser.
Third Party Links, Websites, and Services
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do
not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage, nor
does it apply to your relationship with the third-party web sites,
applications, services, and surveys (including those of any Third Party MR
Company) that may be linked to, facilitated through or provided via our
Services. For example, our Services may be made available to you through
third-party mobile applications (including mobile games). If you use a
third-party application, website, or service or participate in a
third-party survey, then such third party's privacy policy will govern the
use, storage and disclosure of your information in connection with such
site, application, service, or survey. We are not responsible for the
privacy practices of such third-party sites, applications, services, and
surveys nor any data or information you may share with such third parties.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies applicable to each and every
third-party site, application, service, and survey prior to your access,
use, or participation. TapResearch acknowledges there exists the potential
for liability in cases of onward transfer to 3rd parties.
Changes and Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of
such changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on our Website. When we
post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date
found at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check this
Privacy Policy periodically, to inform yourself of any changes to it. Your
continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this
Privacy Policy become effective will indicate your agreement with the terms
of such revised Privacy Policy.
Requests and Contact Information
In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, TapResearch commits
to resolve complaints about our consumer's privacy and our collection or
use of consumer's Personal Information. EU citizens with inquiries or
complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact TapResearch
at:
Truvantis Inc
Attn: Jerrod Montoya
548 Market Street
San Francisco, CA 94104
USA
Email:
TapResearchDPO@truvantis.com
TapResearch will address all questions, complaints or requests concerning
this Privacy Policy within 30 days of receipt.
For EU citizens, please use our Respondent support dashboard or email
requests to support@tapresearch.com
TapResearch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints
under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles to the INSIGHTS ASSOCIATION
PRIVACY SHIELD PROGRAM, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution
provider located in the United States and operated by the Insights
Association. TapResearch acknowledges that, under certain circumstances,
you may be able to invoke binding arbitration. If you do not receive timely
acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not
satisfactorily addressed, please visit
http://www.insightsassociation.org/get-support/privacy-shield-program/privacy-shield-eu-swiss-citizens-file-complaint
for more information and to file a complaint.
Home
Market Insights
Brand Insights
Rewarded Research
App Monetization With Surveys
Resource Center
Blog
Contact Us
Careers
About
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
© 2023 TapResearch Inc.