Privacy Policy | Kakao AD
KakaoAD
Privacy
Policy
언어지원 메뉴
KOR 한국어로 보기
선택됨ENG 영어로 보기
Privacy Policy Content
Kakao Corp (hereinafter “Kakao”) uses and provides the user’s personal information based
on the user’s consent, and, actively guarantees the user’s right (the right to
control one’s own personal
information).
Kakao complies with applicable laws, personal information protection regulations and guidelines of the
Republic of Korea, which must be obeyed by information communication service providers.
“Privacy Policy” refers to guidelines on protecting the user’s
valuable personal information which Kakao is required to comply with, in order to ensure that users use its
services with confidence.
This Privacy Policy is applied to the Kakao advertisement platform and
the Kakao advertising agency (hereinafter the Services”), which are Kakao’s advertisement services.
1. Collection of Personal Information
Kakao collects the minimum personal information to provide the Services.
The following minimum personal information is collected upon the user’s agreement. If additional personal
information is collected, Kakao will notify the fact to the user and obtain consent.
Membership Sign-up
Kakao Account, name, mobile phone number, alternate email address
User Identification
Name, date of birth, gender, mobile phone number, user identification value (CI, DI),
Korean/foreigner, mobile service provider
CTS Code Application
Mobile phone number, email
Payment Service
[For refund processing]
Bank name, account number, account holder’s name
Consent to event and marketing
Kakao Account, name, mobile phone number, alternate email address
In addition, the following personal information may be collected automatically while the user uses the
Service.
IP address, cookies, date of visit, service usage record, improper usage record, device information
1.Kakao does not collect sensitive
information.
Kakao does not collect any sensitive information (ethnicity, ideology or creed, political affiliation,
criminal records, medical information, etc.) that may infringe on the user's valuable human rights.
It will obtain the user’s consent in advance if such information must be collected inevitably in accordance
with obligations required by the law.
Kakao may collect the user’s personal information during the user’s service use, and through paper, fax,
telephone and email, in addition to the user’s sign-up process.
2. Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Information
Kakao uses the user’s personal information for the following purposes only, and will obtain
the user’s consent if the purposes change.
1.Member identification, confirmation of the user’s will to sign up, age
verification, prevention of improper usage
2.Provision of various services, inquiry and complaint handling, delivery of
notifications
3.Provision of services promised to the user, payment and tax receipt
issuance for the purchase and use of a paid service
4.Confirmation of participation in events; marketing and
advertising purposes
5.Statistics based on service usage record, frequency of visit and service
use; development of service environment to protect privacy; development of customized services; service
improvement.
3. Entrustment of Personal Information Handling
"Entrustment of personal information handling” means that Kakao outsources to contractors
some of its tasks essential for providing various services to the user.
Kakao entrusts some of its affairs to the following parties.
This information is latest as of the current date. Should any change be made to entrusted parties or affairs,
Kakao will notify the user of the fact. Kakao also supervises and monitors entrusted parties to the safe
management of personal
information as required by law.
4. Provision of Personal Information
"Provision of personal information” means that Kakao provides to third parties the user’s personal information
in order to provide various services and improve service quality although the affairs may not be required for
service provision.
Kakaodoes not provide personal information to any third party without your consent or
unless demanded by applicable laws, with the exception of the following:
1.When required for payment processing for a paid service; or
2.When required by the law or demanded by an investigative agency according
to the procedures and methods prescribed by legislation with regard to investigations.
5. Retention, User Period and Destruction Procedure of Personal Information
Kakao uses the user’s personal information restrictively, only while it provides the
Services to the user after the user signs up. The user’s personal information is destroyed immediately in the
case that the user
deregisters from the Service or withdraws his or her agreement to the collection and use of personal
information, that the purpose of the collection and use of personal information is fulfilled, or that the
retention and use period expires.
In addition, Kakao retains the user’s information for a period specified by applicable
laws. Details are as follows:
Retention of member information in accordance with applicable laws
Kakao retains personal information which must be kept by law for a period specified by
applicable laws.
1.Service visit records
Applicable Law: Protection of Communications Secrets Act
Retention Period: 3 months
2.Records of marks and advertisement
Applicable Law: Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
Retention Period: 6 months
3.Records of contract or withdrawal of
subscription
Applicable Law: Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
Retention Period: 5 years
4.Records of payment and supplying
goods
Applicable Law: Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
Retention Period: 5 years
5.Records of consumer’s complaint and the
settlement of dispute
Applicable Law: Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc.
Retention Period: 3 years
6.Books and supporting documents for all
transactions specified by the Tax Act
Applicable Law: Framework Act on National Taxes, Corporate Tax Act
Retention Period: 5 years
7.Records of electronic financial
transactions
Applicable Law: Electronic Financial Transactions Act
Retention Period: 5 years
Personal information which is stored separately will be kept safe and not be used for other
purposes.
In addition, the personal information of users who have not used the Services for one year
will be stored separately or destroyed in accordance with the Expiration System of Personal information.
In this case, personal information which is stored separately will be destroyed after four
years.
Personal information stored in electronic file formats is to be deleted using technical
means which make the information unrecoverable. Personal information printed on paper records, printed matters
and documents is to be
destroyed through shredding or incineration.
6. User’s Rights and Exercise of Rights
Kakao protects the user’s rights as follows:
1.The user may view and edit his or her personal information at any time.
2.A user may at any time request to withdraw consent to the provision of
personal information or to unregister from the Service.
3.Kakao does not collect the personal information of children under the age
of 14. However, it guarantees the rights of their legal representatives if demanded by one. (Access,
correction, deletion and
withdrawal of consent for the children's personal information.)
4.If a user requests for the revision of personal information, the user's
information is not to be used or provided until the revision is completed to ensure the accurate use and
provision of personal
information. If such information has already been provided to any third party, the recipient will be
immediately notified of the change so that the information will be revised.
7. Establishment, Operation and Rejection of Automatic Collection Device of Personal Data
1.What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of text file usually set by the web server, sent from a website and stored in a
user's computer hard disk while the user is browsing that website.
2.Purpose of use of cookie
Kakao uses cookies which save and retrieve user preferences in order to provide a faster web environment and
improve the Services. With cookies, the user can use the Services provided by Kakao more easily.
Kakao also examines the user’s preferences and areas of interest by analyzing the visit frequency, time of
visit, participation history in various events, number of visits, etc. Based on the data, customized
marketing information including
advertisement is provided to the user.
3.Rejecting a cookie
A user has an option for setting a cookie. Hence, a user may allow all cookies by setting the option on the
web browser; whenever a cookie is stored, the confirmation thereof shall be completed; or, otherwise, a user
may reject the storage of
all cookies. Provided, however, when a user rejects the storage of a cookie, then the user may have some
difficulties in using a service requiring login.
8. Technical and Managerial Measures for Personal Information Protection
1.Encryption
Kakao sends the user’s personal information through secured communication channels, and stores crucial
information including passwords after encryption.
2.Protection from hacking and computer
virus
Kakao’s systems are located in restricted areas to prevent the leakage or damage of the user’s personal
information due to hacking or viruses. Around-the-clock monitoring is implemented using a system detecting
and stopping hacking attacks.
Vaccine programs have been installed to prevent malware or virus infections. In addition, we constantly
conduct researches on new hacking tricks and security technology and apply them to the Services.
3.Minimum access to personal information
Only a minimum number of employees handle personal information. In addition, systematic criteria are in
place for password creation and change for the database system used for storing personal information and the
system used for processing
personal information, as well as access rights to those systems. Constant audits are also conducted.
4.Periodic training on protection of the User’s
privacy for employees
Periodic training and campaigns are provided to all employees and executives handling personal information
regarding the duty to protect personal information and security.
9. Contact Information for Privacy Protection Officer and Responsible Department
The Company has designated the personal data management to protect user privacy and handle
any complaint or inquiry you may have while using the Website. We will do our best to promptly and
sufficiently reply to your report
or inquiry.
Privacy Protection Officer and Responsible Department
Privacy Protection Officer: Sung Kang
Tel: 82)1577-3321
Responsible Department: Privacy Protection Part
Questions: Inquiry
Please make inquiries to the following organizations if you need to report or consult in
regards to the violation of personal information.
10. Amendments
Kakao may amend its Privacy Policy to reflect any legal or service changes. Kakao will notify such amendment
in advance, and the amended Privacy Policy will take effect seven days after the notification of the
amendment.
However, any major change in user rights, including personal information items to be
collected and the purpose of collecting thereof, will be notified at least 30 days in advance
Effective Date: September 05, 2018
Announcement Date: August 03, 2018
See Present Privacy
Policy
Copyright © Kakao Corp. All
rights reserved.